This week I finished project 2, along with modules 4, 5 and 6. 

CH4: 
Asymptotic analysis attempts to estimate the resource consumption of an algorithm. It allows us to compare the relative costs of two or more algorithms for solving the same problem.

An algorithm is a recipe for solving a problem whose steps are concrete and unambiguous. Algorithms must be correct, of finite length, and must terminate for all inputs.

The critical resource for a program is most often its running time

The growth rate for an algorithm is the rate at which the cost of the algorithm grows as the size of its input grows

For real-time applications we are likely to prefer a worst-case analysis of an algorithm.
 
The lower bound for an algorithm is denoted by the symbol Ω


* I am sorry these journals are lackluster... 
I just find it hard to motivate myself to write down things when I know in the future if I have 
questions on any of these topics I will simply google them instead of trying to find it within these journal entries. 

It is less efficient to search through these entries and likely will have less information than I would find with a simple
google search; in addition to being more clicks away. I cannot think of a single valid reason I would turn to my own notes, 
especially since our textbook, along with many others, is available and searchable, while this journal is not. 
To date, I have NEVER used my notes from a class before turning to the internet (aside from taking a test, where the interntet was prohibited)
For the midterm, I was able to use the openDSA textbook and my knowledge from class to do well, without referencing my journal.

I understand that you will have to take off points from my grade for this, but I will accept that. I am learning though this course
as evidenced by my project and test grades, along with my contributions to piazza, I just fail to see the benefit of this journal,
and I believe my time is better spent working on the projects or other work. 

Hopefully this makes sense. Thanks. 
